t matter in his philosophy. 
The former India captain added that Team India is the priority.The 55-year-old Shastri was answering to a question on his frosty relationship with Sourav Ganguly, member of Board of Control for Cricket in?
India?
s (BCCI) Cricket Advisory Committee (CAC). 
There will be arguments, but we need to look at the bigger picture. 
He (Ganguly) asked some very good questions during my interview. 
We need to move on. ?
Individual don?
t matter, and we should all work in the best interest of Indian cricket. 
It should take the centre-stage,? 
There were even reports that Ganguly was not on the same page with others regarding Shastri being the coach. 
READ | Ravi Shastri - Indian cricket team?
s ultimate comeback man?
I think Virat has not yet reached his peak. 
The next five to six years will define Virat Kohli. 
It can be better Test team than any Indian side of the past. 
It has the skill, the potential. 
he said.?
This is a team you can travel with. 
There are bowlers who can do well in all conditions. 
Their age is such that they are playing at the right time,?
Rapport with Zaheer, DravidWhile Ravi Shastri?
s appointment as India coach was anticipated, the real surprise came when BCCI announced as Rahul Dravid as the overseas batting consultant and Zaheer Khan as the bowling coach. 
Dravid is also the India A and India Under-19 coach.Regarding working with bowling coach Zaheer Khan and overseas batting consultant Rahul Dravid, Shastri said:??
Their inputs will be invaluable. 
In fact when I was the Team Director, I had as the two of them to come and talk to the team ahead of tours. 
Any good suggestion will be welcome,? 
he said. 
Asked about the challenges of coaching the Indian team, especially after his predecessor and former India skipper Kumble?
s one-year stint ended on a sour note amid widespread reports of a tiff with Kohli, Shastri said he is up for the challenge.?
I have always relished a challenge and I am looking forward to my stint with India. 
When you are asked to open the batting in overcast conditions, it is a challenge.??
I am used to challenges, bring on another one,? 
Shastri said.
