It has been 10 days since the Goods and Services Tax (GST) was rolled out at the stroke of midnight on July 1 but confusion about the indirect tax reform persists while complaints continue to pour in about traders charging GST unfairly.The consumers are raising their concern through various mechanism the government has floated including its Twitter handle @askGST_GoI and through online community 'Connected Consumers' run by Department of Consumer Affairs on social engagement platform LocalCircles.Many consumers have complained that some retailers are charging the GST over and above the MRP of products. 
The invoice was generated two days after the GST was introduced. 
The restaurant charged central and state GSTs over and above a packet of snacks. 
A chemist in Mumbai charged GST on the total MRP of medicines purchased for patient Atul Shah. 
In this case, the computer generated bill does not show any GST, which was charged and mentioned in ink by the retailer.This overcharging of GST is not limited to local markets only. 
Even the online retailers and e-commerce portals are allegedly charging GST over and above MRP. 
One of the consumers produced a bill whose invoice was generated on July 4 for a can of edible oil priced at MRP Rs 380. 
After 60 per cent discount, the shirt was priced at Rs 720. 
This is the MRP for the shirt. 
About 20 per cent of over 8,800 participants of the survey said that they got discount on MRP but were charged GST over and above that price.Interestingly, 26 per cent still had purchases without taking or asking for bills or receipts. 
The MRP already factors in all taxes levied on the product.A manufacturer is required to mention in clear and bold print the maximum retail price on all the products. 
Even under the new tax regime, selling a product over and above MRP is a violation of the anti-profiteering clauses of the GST Act. 
This may lead to cancellation of registration of the retailer.ALSO READ | GST: Will good and simple tax make traders honest?
GST: A tax reform so huge that confusion was inevitableHave no fear, GST Rates Finder is here: Arun Jaitley launches mobile app that finds GST for you 
