s Mera Naam Joker and Sangam will be the last two movies to be shown at Delhi?
s 85-year-old Regal cinema hall that is closing down on March 30.One of the owners of the hall, Vishal Choudhary, said that he received many requests and fan mails requesting them to screen Raj Kapoor?
s movies as the hall was his favourite. 
According to the owners, they are trying to get permission from agencies concerned to build a multiplex at the same spot.?
The facade will not be changed as the building is a heritage structure but inside there will be major changes including a new design of the hall, better seats, new toilets and canteen,? 
said Choudhary.The corridors and the staircase of the hall is lined with black and white photographs of actors Dev Anand, Meena Kumari, Nargis, and Raj Kapoor.?
Raj Kapoor and Nargis would spend time a lot of time here. 
Kapoor often sat through the premieres of his films. 
The theatre was decorated and rituals were performed before the start of every film. 
Every show then was house full in advance for at least a week,? 
We have got the no-objection certificate from fire department and Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) as it is a heritage site. 
Our designs have been approved by Delhi Urban Arts Commission,? 
he told Hindustan Times.?
It will, however, take at least a year before the work begins as we have to take permission from several other departments and it takes a long time to complete these things,? 
he said. 
Business has been down for a decade and last month?
s collection of Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya film was also not very good.? 
He said the cinema hall has been unable to recover operating costs over the past two years. ?
Half the money we get from tickets goes to the distributor. 
Choudhary also said that they didn?
t want to take any chances after the collapse of some buildings in Connaught Place recently. 
The New Delhi Municipal Council has asked the owners of buildings in the area to prove structural capability. 
The ground floor remains with the owner.
