State Bank of India (SBI), which will see five associate banks merge into it on April 1, has decided to shut down almost half the offices of these banks, including the head offices of three of them. 
Out of the five head offices of the associate banks, we will retain only two. 
Three head offices of the associate banks will be unbound along with 27 zonal offices, 81 regional offices and 11 network offices of the associate banks," SBI Managing Director Dinesh Kumar Khara told IANS in an interview."
Post-merger, with assets of approximately Rs 40 lakh crore, it will be among the top 50 banks in the world. 
Soon after the audit is done, the branches will be completely merged with SBI," Khara told IANS.There are currently 550 SBI offices while its associate banks have 259. 
The target for the number of controlling offices after the merger is 687 -- a reduction of 122 offices.Employees directly affected by these shutdowns -- estimated at 1,107 -- will be redeployed, mostly in customer-interface operations, Khara said."
The net result is that people in controlling functions will be available for deployment on the ground for improving reach to the consumer," he said."
One regional office controls 30-40 branches, while 4-5 regional offices are controlled by one zonal office," he told IANS.The associate banks have also offered a Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) to employees who do not wish to relocate. 
"VRS is only an option, else they will be relocated. 
They will have a different role," he said.OTHER MERGER PROCESSES TO SOON COME INTO EFFECT TOOAlong with the winding-up of these offices, a number of merger processes will come into effect simultaneously, including the data merger of the five entities."
That is the plan of action," he said, adding that the bank had given itself six months to complete all merger-related processes."
I would rather say that within a quarter all the things should be in order. 
Ideally, we would like to have it in one quarter, but it will not spill over beyond the second quarter," Khara said.
