This is how Australia spinner Nathan Lyon described the India captain in the second Test in Bengaluru. 
Kohli almost called Australians "cheats" when Smith, to everyone's surprise, tried to take help with DRS from his team's dressing room after he was trapped leg before by Umesh Yadav. 
Kohli warned the Aussies for "crossing the line" then two boards jumped in and backed their captains before International Cricket Council put an end to the controversy by not pressing charges against either of the players."
The Australian boys are quite prepared to take it up to him and this series has been compulsive viewing. 
This is what Test match cricket is about. 
It's the same when we play England for the Ashes or when India meet Pakistan," Jones wrote in his column. 
(Ranchi Test: Kohli bats at usual No.4 but falls cheaply again)"Test cricket is at its best when there is an edge to it. 
With the extra interest from fans and the media in a big series such as this, the contest seems to have become personal, very personal," he added.Jones further praised Kohli for his work ethics but said the Indian cricket's poster boy "loves getting into hot spots on the field"."
I am an unabashed Kohli fan. 
I commentate all around the world and I love watching this kid bat and lead his team. 
He is such an interesting character. 
Away from the cricket, he is quite a humble kid. 
Always polite, and always asking questions on how he is batting and what I am up to. 
He just loves the game and the challenges that go with it." 
(Maxwell mocks Kohli's injury)'VILLAINOUS AS JARDINE'"Kohli believes in hard work and that he can do anything on a cricket field. 
He loves getting into hot spots on the field to make sure he is in his opponents' face. 
Kohli is the only captain I know who pumps up the crowd, asking them for their support. 
He knows the importance of the Indian fans' input and how it can help his team's performance. 
Make this ground the most hostile environment the Australians will experience. 
It's no different to what the MCG crowds have given to opposition teams.""
So why don't? Australian fans like him? 
Is this what needs to happen for Australia and India to build up their rivalry? 
If so, I have no problem with it. 
I love the aggression that's being produced in the media and from the fans. 
It's game on," he wrote.WATCH SPORTS WRAPJones also tipped Australian cricketers, who are part of the Test series in India, how to tackle Kohli's "in-your-face attitude".
