Who could be the CM?
1952-1967: 5 CHIEF MINISTERSThe first Assembly was unique in the sense that the total number of seats was 346 with 83 constituencies having two representatives- called double-member seats those days.Govind Ballabh Pant was sworn in as the Chief Minister. 
But, in less than three years, Pant was incorporated into the Union cabinet. 
Sampurnand became the next CM. 
He continued in office for over five years but interrupted by Assembly election in 1957.The Congress kept changing Chief Ministers. 
An alliance was stitched among Bharatiya Kranti Dal of Jat leader Charan Singh, Jana Sangh, CPI(M), Republican Party of India, Swatantra Party and Praja Socialist Party. 
Charan Singh's BKD won 98 and Jana Sangh secured 49 seats.In next eight years, Uttar Pradesh saw four stints of President's Rule and six Chief Ministers including Charan Singh, who stayed in the office for little over nine months.1977-80: JANATA EXPERIMENTRiding on anti-Indira Gandhi wave, Janata Party swept the parliamentary polls held after national emergency was withdrawn in 1977. 
Janata Party won thunderous majority in the Lok Sabha. 
It responded by dissolving all the state Assemblies where Congress had majority.Fresh election was held in Uttar Pradesh. 
Janata Party had to find another candidate in Banarasi Das in less than two years. 
Janata experiment, anyway, failed in three years. 
Indira Gandhi stormed back to power. 
It was now her turn to dismiss Janata Party governments in states.1980-88: CONGRESS CULTURE OF REPLACING CMsAssembly election was held in 1980 and the Congress won 309 of 425 seats. 
Raja of Manda Vishwanath Pratap Singh was made the Chief Minister. 
Soon, Mandal and Ayodhya took centrestage in Uttar Pradesh's politics in general and elections in particular. 
Caste lines became sharper. 
The tie-up did not last long and in 1995 Mayawati became the first Dalit Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh with support from the BJP.The period was full of instability witnessing 10 Chief Ministers and three President's Rule. 
But, the people of Uttar Pradesh, having not seen such a thing in the past, voted her out.
