s new airport, planned in Navi Mumbai, will take away 106 hectares  or 72 Wankhede stadiums of mangroves in Ulwe, Raigad district. 
While 100 hectares make one square km, the area of Wankhede stadium is 1.48 hectares.Mangroves grow in intertidal zones and play a crucial role in stabilising coastlines. 
The City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco) and state mangrove cell conducted a survey to check how much mangrove forest land will be required for the project.?
A detailed survey showed more than four hectares that could be saved,? 
said Satish Gavai, additional chief secretary, state environment department. ?
There is a restoration plan in place. 
Three mangrove saplings will be planted in place of every axed tree. 
However, when it comes to hacking of trees, the contractor will have to submit a detailed plan to the mangrove cell and then the Bombay high court. 
We can start the hacking once we get both the approvals.?
About mangrovesMangroves are salt-tolerant plants, a common natural feature along the Mumbai coastApart from playing a role in stabilising coastlines, mangrove trees act as carbon sinks, capturing CO2 from the atmosphere and storing them in the vegetation. 
This process is called carbon sequestration, and helps control global warming by reducing CO2 levels in the atmosphereMangrove ecosystem establishes and grows at the interface of soil and water bodies like sea, creeks, estuaries, bays and lagoons. 
They are commonly found in inter-tidal areas ? 
area between the high tide and the low tide. 
Also, the Centre directed the rehabilitation of 3,000 families from 12 villages that will have to be vacated.The mangrove cell officials said 160 hectares of fresh plantations have been done on the 615 hectares set aside at Kamothe. ?
We will plant mangrove saplings across another 50 hectares by October, taking the total to 210 hectares,? 
The mangrove cover is well-protected. 
Channels have been made so tidal water can reach them. 
We have planted grey mangrove (Avicennia marina), Indian mangrove (Avicennia officinalis), mangrove apple (Sonneratia Apetala) and the Asiatic mangrove (Rhizophora mucronata) at the site,? 
said Makarand Ghodke, assistant conservator of forest, Mumbai Mangrove Conservation Unit. 
