all hidden from public gaze.That?
s what senior BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi claimed on Tuesday with ?
documented proof?
said to be a sweetener ?
paid? 
by the hotel owners to Lalu Prasad for awarding rights to two railway hotels ? 
the fresh allegations came as a counter to the compromise that the RJD dictated by directing Tejashwi to meet chief minister and explain his stand. 
The JD(U) had demanded that Tejashwi come clean, or resign even as the RJD had maintained that he had ?
done no wrong? 
and ?
he would not?.
However, the fresh BJP charges, earlier in the day, added to the worries and may have prompted the RJD?
s climbdown to some extent.Modi, who has been going hammer and tongs at Lalu & family for over a hundred days, claimed on Tuesday, that Tejashwi became the owner of 13 immovable assets while he was still a minor, and 13 properties when he was a full grown adult.?
I have proof that while the first 13 properties were transferred in his name when he was not yet 13, the rest came when had already grown a ?
moustache and beard?
, which makes him culpable,? 
Modi said.Modi?
s refernce to the ?
moustache and beard? 
was an answer to Tejashwi, who had tried to stave off media queries last week  on the issue of the JD(U)?
s call for his resignation, saying, ?
Can a boy who was yet to sport a moustache be involved in a scam??
Handing over a list of the assets acquired by the deputy CM to the media, Modi dared Tejashwi to make it public as to how he came to be owner of the properties, while he was not into any known business.
Not only that, Tejashwi Prasad Yadav was deputy chief minister of Bihar when he signed an agreement on May 5, 2016 with a private company to develop a mall on three acres of land owned by the DMPL at Patna?
s Saguna Mor,? 
he added.??
said Modi, while talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of his ? 
Janata Durbar? 
here on Tuesday.
?The BJP leader said, of the 26 properties Tejashwi owned, 13 were acquired through shell companies, while the rest he got through registration. ?
Even if he was a minor, he could have said no to the gifts (immoveable properties), which were given to him,? 
said Modi, who had worked as deputy chief minister in the NDA government led by chief minister Nitish Kumar.
?Modi said of the 26 properties, the income-tax department has declared 13 assets as ?
benami? 
and attached them provisionally. ?
he said, adding that the case must not be taken lightly as the central agency files an FIR only after ascertaining that the complaints were prima facie true.
?He hoped that in view of the serious nature of offences committed by his deputy, CM Nitish Kumar would definitely seek resignation from him or expel him from his cabinet. ?
The chief minister has set a benchmark on the issue of corruption and he, it is hoped,  would not compromise with his principles,? 
Modi said, adding, ?
I also appeal to the deputy CM to resign before he is expelled from the cabinet.?
?He reiterated that owing to the political impasse caused by Tejashwi?
s refusal to resign, Bihar?
s governance has been hard hit and the situation would further worsen if the deadlock continues.
s climbdown to some extent
