The cab driver, Rahul Kumar, said that he operated for Uber and has lodged a police complaint. 
Kumar, who is from Vijay Nagar, said that the protesters allegedly stopped the cab returning from Vaishali and poured some inflammable substance before setting it afire. 
They hurled stones and I had to stop before they poured inflammable substance and set my car afire. 
They took away one mobile while two mobile got burnt inside the car. 
Office-goers had to once again resort to alternative ways to reach their workplace while the autos reportedly refused to go by the meter. 
Instead of cooperating, the auto drivers are having a gala time. 
People will have to pay when they have no option, Nikhil Singh, a commuter, said.One auto driver also told me that it is payback time as these cab aggregators had taken away their business from them. 
He said that all their customers had shifted to Ola and Uber and they had incurred losses. 
So, now they have a chance to recover the loss. 
Amidst all this, it is the commuters who suffer. 
How do we get to work These cabs made commuting so convenient that we have now grown used to them and depend on them, Shelly Malhotra, another commuter said. 
Strike turns violent Meanwhile, Rahul Kumar, whose cab was burnt on Tuesday night said that he tried to plead with the protesters that its was his brothers car. 
My car got stolen last year and I had roped in my brothers car. 
They did not heed to my request and set the car afire by pouring kerosene, Kumar said. 
The police said that they are trying to trace the culprits involved in the incident. 
We have registered an FIR against the culprits who set the cab afire. 
Investigation is on and police deployed to check activities of protesters, said Anil Kumar Yadav, circle officer (Indirapuram).Rahul had dropped a passenger at Vaishali Sector-5 and was returning home when his car was stopped by several bike borne men near Green Valley Road in Indirapuram. 
We got a call from the control room about the incident. 
By the time we reached the spot, the cab was already in flames. 
The driver had de-boarded and did not sustain any injuries. 
Two days back, they also stopped the operating cabs and broke windscreens, punctured car tyres near Vaishali metro station. 
The meeting, however, did not include anybody from the union.
