My brother judges are young (looking at justices DY Chandrachud and NV Ramana seated with him). 
They have no problem going through the entire records but I am old. 
Look at my white beard. 
After reading all this I feel tired also. 
So please," 65-year-old Chief Justice of India JS Khehar said in the Supreme Court on Friday. 
Why did not this occur to you when you were preparing the petition?" 
he said.When the lawyer pleaded for cancelling the cost, CJI Khehar shot back: "No. 
This has to stop and only this way it can stop. 
For years we have not done it. 
See if you have a good cause we are with you but not for such petitions which take away judicial time."
Millions of cases are pending in India's courts, draining litigants of resources and pointing towards an urgent need for more judges and judicial reforms. 
The legislator from the state's ruling RJD had challenged in the SC a high court order dismissing his petition, which questioned the veracity of a 23-year old newspaper article. 
SC said the cost needs to be higher as the representative of the people was found indulging in "unpardonable" activity of wasting judicial time. 
Likewise you also please say I am an MLA, please impose a fine of Rs 1 crore on me and not mere Rs 10 lakh. 
Come on," the CJI told the MLA's lawyer, raising peals of laughter in the packed courtroom.What apparently set the tone for the CJI's angry mood in the morning hours itself was a petition filed by a car mechanic from Madurai. 
He was challenging "illegal additional floors" in a hospital in Thanjavur, Tamil Nadu."
Can a car mechanic complain about a hospital? 
What has he got to do with it? 
All these are vested interests. 
If anybody has a good cause we are there to hear it. 
We are adjourning this matter and in the next hearing if you are not able to prove your bonafides, we will impose costs on you," he said."
How many cases we are going to hear which are nonsense and trash? 
Daily we are seeing such petitions increasing. 
This is Supreme Court. 
Do have some respect for us?
He had begun the practice of disposing of old petitions in a single sitting without granting any adjournments.
