s WTO office Ali Alwaleed al-Thani told Reuters.By formally ?
requesting consultations? 
We?
ve given sufficient time to hear the legal explanations on how these measures are in compliance with their commitments, to no satisfactory result,? 
al-Thani said.?
We have always called for dialogue, for negotiations, and this is part of our strategy to talk to the members concerned and to gain more information on these measures, the legality of these measures, and to find a solution to resolve the dispute.?
s WTO complaint cites ?
coercive attempts at economic isolation? 
and spells out how they are impeding Qatar?
s rights in the trade in goods, trade in services and intellectual property.The complaints against Saudi Arabia and the UAE run to eight pages each, while the document on Bahrain is six pages.There was no immediate reaction from the three to Qatar?
s complaint, which is likely to be circulated at the WTO later this week.?
REMAIN HOPEFUL?
The disputed trade restrictions include bans on trade through Qatar?
We remain hopeful that the consultations could bear fruit in resolving this,? 
he said.The WTO suit does not include Egypt, the fourth country involved in the boycott. 
Although it has also cut travel and diplomatic ties with Qatar, Egypt did not expel Qatari citizens or ask Egyptians to leave Qatar.Al-Thani declined to explain why Egypt was not included.?
Obviously all options are available. 
But we have not raised a consultation request with Egypt yet,? 
If it is self-regulating, that is a danger to the entire multilateral trading system itself. 
And we believe the WTO will take that into consideration.?
Qatar also raised the boycott at a meeting of the United Nations? 
International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) on Monday, al-Thani said.In comments to Qatar-based Al Jazeera television later on Monday, Qatar?
s transport and information minister said the boycotting countries had discriminated against Doha in violation of an international agreement guaranteeing overflights.?
These countries have used this right arbitrarily and imposed it on aircraft registered only in the State of Qatar,? 
