Benjamin LeeIMPORTANT: an NBC presenter just told Pharrell he was nominated for his work on Hidden Fences. 
Pharrell was polite enough not to tell her shed just made up the name of a film.ALSO IMPORTANT: Al Roker referred to Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel as Jaystin Timberlake and Jessica Alba.Updated
at 12.10am GMT
12.01am GMT
Benjamin LeeNatalie Portman has arrived and she is the frontrunner for best actress in a drama for her role in the unconventional biopic Jackie. 
Shes pregnant and wearing Prada. 
Sadly our fashion expert is at London Fashion Week so thats literally all I can say about her dress. 
11.52pm GMT
Benjamin LeeAnd let the Trump chat begin. 
Insecure star/writer Issa Rae, who is nominated for best actress in a TV comedy/musical, was asked about the reality star turned president-elect and gave some rather bleak red carpet chat about whats to come:Golden Globe nominee @IssaRae on Donald Trump's Twitter account: "It's scary" pic.twitter.com/E1Ap92p9BX
11.49pm GMT
Benjamin LeeHeres a promo for the show which, through the power of montage, makes it seem like it might just be the most exciting night of our lives:
11.43pm GMT
Benjamin LeeTREND ALERT: Michael Shannon and Sterling K Brown are both wearing sunglasses on the red carpet. 
Which seems rude but sure.
11.40pm GMT
Benjamin LeeWill it be Moonlight or Manchester by the Sea More smugging to be done here with Guardian film critic Peter Bradshaw telling you who will in but also who should win because life isnt fair and it never will be:
11.34pm GMT
Lanre BakarePleased to have @questlove on the #GoldenGlobes Red Carpet! 
pic.twitter.com/Fvrg7FzRl7This clip featuring Roots drummer Questlove, really gets to the heart of what fame is all about. 
Glamour and passive aggressive instructions from photographers go hand in hand. 
OVER HERE! 
Thank you!!
Updated
at 11.36pm GMT
11.32pm GMT
Benjamin LeeWord on the street (Twitter) is that the opening of the ceremony is going to be Stranger Things-themed. 
But this just-released clip also suggests some La La Land-aping. 
Subtle shade from one of Jimmy Fallons NBC cohorts earlier: He may not be controversial but he is musical
11.26pm GMT
Benjamin LeeWant to say the name of the winner before a bejeweled celebrity does Well, if you want to be that guy or that girl then smug away with predictions from our experts. 
First up, heres whats probably taking home the small screen awards:
11.24pm GMT
Benjamin LeeIts here! 
That Hollywood awards show that isnt the Oscars! 
The Golden Globes, often seen as the slightly less highbrow cousin of the Academy awards, is actually a lot more fun. 
It eschews many of the drier categories (no best use of a pause or smoothest transition here!) 
and allows the many starry attendees to get drunk throughout.Typically, the host has always been a bit looser too so weve enjoyed Amy Poehler and Tina Fey casually eviscerate A-listers and Ricky Gervais ensure that he receives zero LA-stamped Christmas cards forever more. 
Stick with us!
