Deputy chief minister Nirmal Singh  said the bodies of the victims  all of whom were from Gujarat  would be airlifted to state on Tuesday. 
Political leaders condemned the attack, with Prime Minister Narendra Modi saying India would not be bogged down by such cowardly acts. 
In a joint statement, separatist leaders Syed Ali Geelani, Mirwaiz Umar Farooq and Yasin Malik expressed grief over the killings, saying the incident goes against the very grain of Kashmiri ethos.Follow live updates here:7:53 pm: Muslimeen (AIMIM) president Asaduddin Owaisi  condemns attack on Amarnath pilgrims.It was clearly stated that the terrorists intended to launch an attack on Amarnath pilgrims. 
Now, it is for the government to answer. 
It shows the spirit of Kashmiriyat is very much alive, Singh tweets.4:49 pm: US condemns the attack on Amarnath pilgrims.We deplore the attack on #Amarnath pilgrims & condemn all acts of terrorism. 
Governor NN vohra, who is also the chairman of Amarnath Shrine board, also announces reward of Rs 2 lakhs in his name. 4:16 pm: Massive protests against the attack on Amarnath pilgrims rock Jammu division. 
There is a need to teach a lesson to the terrorists, says Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut. 
The Centre had said demonetisation will affect miltancy in Kashmir but nothing of that sort happened. 
Neither did the surgical strike make any difference.Sirf ninda karne se kuch nahi hoga, aatankwadiyon ko sabak sikhane ki zarurat hai: Sanjay Raut,Shiv Sena #AmarnathTerrorAttack pic.twitter.com/NUbRNKENRN ANI (@ANI_news) July 11, 20173:12pm: Jammu and Kashmir government announces Rs 6 lakh compensation for kin of those killed in the attack and Rs 2 lakh for the injured. 2:50pm: Srinagar tour and travel operators protest against the attack.2:38pm: Gujarat chief minister Vijay Rupani says he will nominate the driver of the bus, Salim Sheikh, for a bravery award. 2:35pm: No one should play politics over the attack. 
Govt will need to answer certain questions,if not today then tomorrow: Asaduddin Owaisi.2:32pm: We cannot allow Lashkar and ISI to succeed. 
The country is united. 
Officers have been asked to remain alert so that no unscrupulous element takes benefit and vitiates the atmosphere, chief minister Yogi Adityanath says.2:28pm: The attack on the pilgrims signifies the rise of religious extremism within the ranks of the militants: CPI-M2:25pm: German ambassador to India, while condemning the attack, says, I convey our deepest condolences to the families of the victims. 
Germany resolutely stands by India in the fight against terrorism and extremism. 
As the G20 leaders just reaffirmed in Hamburg, we are resolved to tackle terrorism as a common challenge to the global community.2:22pm: Such wanton acts of violence can have no justification. 
The perpetrators and those who support and shelter them should be punished for this crime against humanity, says vice-president Hamid Ansari. 2:10pm: Nepal, Bhutan, Sri Lanka and Russia condemn the terrorist attack.Mr. 
I want to assure the nation that the government is alert. 
We are not taking any chances.2:00pm: The Centre needs to answer that why despite intelligence inputs, precautionary measures were not taken, says CPI(M) general secretary Sitaram Yechury.1:53pm: Amarnath Yatra is a symbol of Kashmiriyat, so this attack is cowardly and highly condemnable, Union minister Ravi Shankar Prasad tells ANI. 
They have attacked the Kashmiriyat of India.Innocent bhajan singing devotees were killed. 
Security forces are taking action.1:50pm: Congress leader Karan Singh says, Yatra should continue, but such an attack should not take place again. 
I think governors rule should be imposed in Jammu and Kashmir. 
Veteran Congress leader Karan Singhs statement.1:39pm:Army chief General Bipin Rawat arrives in Srinagar to take stock of the security situation.1:35pm: We deplore the attack on Amarnath pilgrims and condemn all acts of terrorism. 
Deepest condolences to the families & all those affected, the US ambassadors official Twitter post says.1:33pm: God gave me strength to keep moving, and I just did not stop: Salim, driver of the bus.1:32pm: Driver of the bus says, Continous firing was on, so I kept on driving the bus and did not stop.Lagatar firing huyi, main isliye ruka nahi, bus chalata raha: Salim,Driver of the bus #AmarnathYatra pic.twitter.com/ZstNhhmmQF ANI (@ANI_news) July 11, 20171:27pm: Gujarat chief minister Vijay Rupani meets the injured.1:26pm: Gujarat government revises compensation from Rs 5 lakh to Rs10 lakh for the kin of those killed.1:24pm: We, the leaders, strongly condemn the cowardly and ghastly terrorist attack on Amarnath yatris. 
This is an attack on humanity... on the plurality and diversity of India. 
This is an attack on the human values and Kashmiriyat. 
This shouldnt be called lapse. 
Party vice president Rahul Gandhi said India will never be intimidated by terrorist cowards. 
He also tweeted:This is a grave & unacceptable security lapse. 
Why was no security cover given to the bus Should all these security lapses not be examined10:45 am: The Gujarat government has also announced compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the family of those killed and Rs 2 lakh for those injured. 
The injured will be given free treatment at Surats Kiran Hospital, which was recently inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.10:35 am: CM Mehbooba Mufti and deputy CM Nirmal Singh meet pilgrims injured in the attack and paid tribute to the victims. 
She called the attack a blot on all Muslims and Kashmiris. 
I hope the security forces and the Jammu and Kashmir police arrest the perpetrators forthwith and take stern action against them, the chief minister told reporters.The meeting at the home ministers residence has begun.10:20 am: Gujarat chief minister Vijay Rupani along with Gujarat BJP chief Jitu Vaghani have left for Surat to meet the victims families. 
Three of total seven killed hailed from south Gujarat. 
But the militant group rejected the allegation, calling the attack reprehensible, and accusing India of trying to sabotage the freedom struggle of the Kashmiris.9.35 am: Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Mehbooba Mufti calls for a cabinet meeting, reports ANI.9:30 am:Delhi Police special cell issues advisory to put in place proper anti-terror arrangements where there is high footfall and for Kanwar Yatra, ANI reports.The DCP has also instructed the local police to put quick reaction teams on the route.Police sources said commandos will guard the routes across parts of north and north east Delhi, from where Kanwars enter the city. 
Temporary towers with snipers will also be placed on the route along with SWATvehicles, which will be able to deal with any situation.9:20 am: Union minister Venkaiah Naidu says the terrorists involved in the attack on Amarnath pilgrims will not be spared. 
This is something everyone knows, that you are not travel without security and yet this happened. 
The government is investigating how it did, the minister says.I hope the pilgrims will cooperate by giving advance intimation, information and also follow the protocol of security so that they are all secured, he said.9:10 am: A high-level central team led by minister of state for home Hansraj Ahir will also visit Jammu and Kashmir to assess the security of the pilgrimage. 
Director general of CRPF RR Bhatnagar has already reached Srinagar to review the deployment of the central forces in the pilgrimage route. 
The bodies of the victims will reach Surat later today. 8:20 am: A batch of 3,289 Amarnath yatris left in a convoy of 105 vehicles from the Yatri Niwas base for the cave shrine at 3.15 am on Tuesday amid tight security arrangements.8:00 am: High-level meet to take place at 9:45 am at home minister Rajnath Singhs residence. 
National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, top officials of the home ministry, intelligence agencies and central paramilitary forces are also attending the meeting.The meeting will take stock of the situation in Jammu and Kashmir, security of Amarnath pilgrims and how to prevent such possible attacks in the future, official sources told PTI.7:35 am: Deeply saddened at loss of innocent lives. 
My thoughts and prayers are with bereaved family members and those injured, ANI quotes presidential candidate Meira Kumar. 
The NDAs candidate Ram Nath Kovind called it a cowardly attack.7: 33 am: President Pranab Mukherjee tweets his condolences.Strongly condemn attack on Amarnath Yatris in J & K ; grieve the loss of innocent lives #PresidentMukherjee President of India (@RashtrapatiBhvn) July 11, 20177:31 am: CRPFIG (operations) Zulfiqar Hasan says the Amarnath yatra is continuing. 
(Attack) is being investigated by Jammu and Kashmir police... 
Inspector general (operations) of the Central Reserve Police Force visits the site of the attack.7:10 am: Mobile data services have been suspended in Jammu . 
Only BSNL broadband services with limited speed is working, reports ANI.Terror attack on Amarnath pilgrimsThe Central Reserve Police Force, which provides security for the two-month long annual pilgrimage, said gunmen first opened fire on a security checkpoint but no injuries were reported. 
The CRPF said in a statement that militants further attacked the pilgrims bus at Batengoo and escaped towards Arwani. 
Batengoo is 65km south of Srinagar. 
A New Delhi based security official, speaking anonymously, told AFP that security personnel were exploring all the angles including suspected Islamists.Hundreds of thousands of Hindu pilgrims trek over mountain trails to reach Amarnath caves, around 3,900 metres (12,800 feet) above sea level, in Kashmir every year. 
(With inputs from agencies)
