Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday hosted the Indian womens team that finished runner-up at the ICC Womens cricket World Cup and told the players that they made the nation proud like several other daughters of the country.Modi had posted a series of tweets before the match to wish luck to the team and to players individually. 
He had also tweeted soon after the match to hail the teams performance.READ | Womens World Cup star Deepti Sharma wants to master carrom ball like R AshwinDuring the interaction, the players said that this was the first time that they had seen a Prime Minister tweet for the womens cricket team, the PMO said.Delighted to meet the proud skipper of a proud team, @M_Raj03. 
Congratulated her for her leadership and her game. pic.twitter.com/qIQlOjPmHu Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017They said that they felt proud, happy and inspired to know that the Prime Minister was following their progress, PMO said in a statement.Jhulan Goswami is renowned not only in India but across the world for her bowling. 
Had a very good interaction with her today. pic.twitter.com/gqjFTHCHDF Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017Responding to questions asked by the players on handling pressure, the Prime Minister said that Yoga helps achieve a good balance between mind, body and action. 
He also said that practice of Yoga helps develop detachment, the statement said.With the talented @ImHarmanpreet...congratulated her for her memorable innings against Australia & wished her the best for the future. pic.twitter.com/E2BRzLZNiv Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017Telling the players that they had not lost, the Prime Minister said 125 crore Indians carried their defeat in the final, on their shoulders, and this was, in fact, their greatest victory, the statement said.Interacted with this all rounder par excellence, Deepti Sharma. 
At a rather young age, her remarkable accomplishments make us proud. pic.twitter.com/TC9yMZ03BO Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) July 27, 2017He said Indias daughters have made the nation proud in many international sporting events and that the society is benefiting from the progress that women are making in various fields.
