s three-day cultural festival last year will cost more than Rs 42 crore and at least 10 years to fix, according to the expert panel appointed by the National Green Tribunal.The Foundation has, however, called the committee biased and acting with vested interests.The expert panel, headed by Shashi Shekhar, secretary of ministry of water resources, submitted its report to the NGT on Wednesday, on damage assessment following the Art of Living?
s three-day World Culture Festival in March 2016.The panel has suggested a time-bound action plan, which comprises two components - physical and biological rehabilitation. 
The physical component is estimated to cost around Rs 28.73 crore and the biological part would cost around Rs 13.29 crore.?
bias beyond doubt.??
The Expert Committee members of the NGT who were supposed to be non-interested parties to the case and were to act as the eyes and ears of judges have given biased interviews in public while the case is sub-judice... 
The closeness of the petitioner with the expert committee members was not disclosed to us when it was appointed by NGT and went into the preparation of the report,? 
said Kedar Desai, the spokesperson.Desai said the Art of Living Foundation is a ?
responsible and environmentally sensitive NGO? 
fait accompli?
, they could not ban it. 
This committee observed that the festival had ?
completely destroyed, not simply damaged? 
the riverfront area between DND flyover and the Barapulla drain, which had served as the main event site.?
The ground is now totally levelled, compacted and hardened and is totally devoid of water bodies or depressions and almost completely devoid of any vegetation.?
Huge amount of earth and debris have been dumped to construct the ramps for access from the DND flyover and from the two pontoon bridges across the Barapulla drain,? 
the report said.It said the floodplain was severely harmed and ?
almost all its natural vegetation? 
was lost, affecting the natural habitat of a large number animals, insects and other organisms.
