Outgoing President Pranab Mukherjee will leave for his new residence at 10, Rajaji Marg.When Ram Nath Kovind enters Rashtrapati Bhavan, he will step into a building that was transformed from an imperial mansion into an institution of democracy on January 26, 1950. 
When Dr Rajendra Prasad occupied the building as country's first President, the Viceroy's House was renamed as Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
The mansion has a floor area of 200,000 square feet and was built with 700 million bricks and three million cubic feet of stone. 
The Rashtrapati Bhavan was built using almost no steel. 
THE INDO-EUROPEAN ARCHITECTUREEdwin Lutyens acknowledged the influence of Roman architecture in Rashtrapati Bhavan. 
Yet, the building also reflects various motifs from Indian architecture, such as chhatris and jaalis. 
Temple bells have been used in the pillars of Rashtrapati Bhavan, an idea that came from a Jain temple in Moodabidri in Karnataka. 
Ram Nath Kovind will organise 'At Homes' on Republic Day and Independence Day every year in the Central Lawn.The lawns in the main garden are covered with 'Doob' grass which was originally brought from Belvedere Estate in Kolkata. 
Peacocks are a regular sight at the Mughal Garden, while once in a while a cormorant can also be spotted. 
The regiment was formed as a select cavalry unit with the role to "act as bodyguard to the governor in peace and to accompany him as Commander-in-Chief in battle". 
The President's Bodyguard excel in ceremonial procedures, are trained as combat paratroopers and armoured vehicle crewmen.THE PRESIDENTIAL RETREATSThe President of India has two retreats in the country--one in Mashobra, Shimla and the other in Bolarum, Hyderabad. 
Ram Nath Kovind, who was denied entry to the Retreat Building in Shimla two months ago, is set to be the custodian of the presidential retreat. 
The presidential retreat in Shimla is an entirely wooden structure and is located on the hill top of Mashobra. 
The building was taken over from the Nizam of Hyderabad after Independence and handed over to President's secretariat. 
The President stays at both the retreats at least once in a year. 
ALSO READ:Ram Nath Kovind vs Meira Kumar: How votes are counted and President-elect is declared 
